All [Music]
Rise put a song in my heart showed me a road not often taken
you gave me a start all
way why did you ever change your name all the
way why did you ever change your name
because you were like a w on the ocean while and free you
came and you were like a stone coming out of
mountains never to be Ted all the
way why did you ever change your name all
way why did you ever change your [Music]
name tonight on satanic initiation we are going to begin the
final four these are the final four of our
series let the trial commence tonight we will bring the
charges in the case of the transdimensional cosmos
versus Jesus Christ tonight on lady Babylon we are
going to explore the charges you'll get some
instructions you will be the jury and we will have a live verdict
from all of you who have been coming here and putting out your
time we will have jury deliberations and we will have a
verdict tonight we begin with oilon we begin with
oilon tonight we jump into the court on lady Babylon
[Music]
tonight we're going to start with a little purification and this sort of purification I take very seriously and I
hope you do too because as we invoke Gods it becomes
incumbent upon us to serve that power
yes tonight I want to call dek I want to call Justice I want
to bring her here to witness this Cosmic
trial I want her to be here and who is she I'm going to give you
justice in a few symbols a few images let's bring her
[Music]
here
what we bring I know is offensive to those of you who are
Evangelical to those of you who are monos theists I know it's offensive of
the idolatry but we bring Justice here for a reason because we the satanic
congregation understand what we are bound to do and
we are bound to serve her tonight on lady Babylon we are going to go to a
place where there are organized proceedings I want to bring you some
charges your instructions as a jury are provided in the hymn that you
just saw they're provided in the hymn that you just
saw maintain this rule for the
omadi maintain this rule for her stand this ground for
justice let's do it let's do it I want to begin by announcing some charges
these are the charges there are six of them and you will be determining whether
or not Jesus Christ is guilty of all six
charges I'm going to read these out this note please note this is an official
record charge number one want you we hit it aggravated psychic battery aggravated
psychic battery you are to determine if in the course of
events a psyche was set upon and battered in an aggravated manner in a
manner to cause bro gross gross and irreversible psychic
harm thank you thank thank you chewy number two please what else now technically these
next two charges are kind of a bundle um you know we need a commentator here to
tell us um what we have instead is the authority bringing the charges the
transdimensional criminal conspiracy is a plurality that is working together
within a racketeering Force that's why the next
charge is necromantic racketeering a very specific form of
racketeering involving necromantic practices res
resurrections from the dead death States the casting out of the forces of nature
I.E demons the healings and the bringing of life These
are draw necromantic um for practices that we are
going to show are used within a scheme of racketeering on those two charges the
second and third charge thank you can you present the next apocalyptic assault
and this isn't just felonious assault this is assault in the cosmic first
degree yes this is an extra chronic
assault we have to show intent we have to show purpose we have to show that
there was something achieved outside of time first
degree we have to show that The Noose the mind was outside of
Kronos fantastic let's go to the next one quantum obst destruction of Justice
right this is this one's pretty self-explanatory people get this one um
we as precut um of this case we tend to um
bring that out it's my plan to bring that out I will show you it's my job
however this is just the announcement of the charges Quantum obstruction of justice yes
anytime anytime within the cosmic court anytime
that you have an obstruction of justice you're um dealing with a matter that um
is always taken of the to the nth degree we know the mandatory sentencing laws
that apply of course to Quantum obstruction um they're pretty severe so
this is a very serious charge why we're dropping it down here and finally what
we find the most egregious is is this false ionic
imprisonment um this is a contrary to
one's will holding this is a forcing someone outside of The Chronic
stream to be bound yes it is a form of trafficking it
falls within the trafficking laws um of the last
12th dimensional contract I think it was yeah anywh who false cionic imprisonment
right and you'll see these are the charges and what we
have to do is we have to bring the jury the proper evidence we don't want you to
come to conclusions without the evidence this is why our jury system is
so Superior ior it's so Superior right can you smell that can you smell that
ancient courtroom with 300 jurors in Athens and they're all screaming and sweaty and moving around you know it's
like a mob mob jury right love it from that from that
mob will boil up because our citizens are our citizens you people know who you are and I know there are factions that
you want me to appeal to and this case you want me to I
invite the Evangelical Community I invite you to defend to defend your
guy yes we not we're not going to stifle anybody's we don't have to worry about people outside the court room we don't
have to worry about terrorism we've got all of that clamped down right don't
worry it's brought together in a very specific place love it let's go tonight
now that we've had a little bit of the justice and we're going to revisit these charges at the end now that we've had a
little bit of Justice I want to bring you to the place I want to slow down a little bit bring you to the oops Salon I
want to bring you to the usson in order to get there in order to get there we're gonna start here Alice where's Alice um
first of all can you tell us Alice um who is this um just jce this DK who who
what kind of what kind of God do we have in our presence tonight right let's we're just going to talk about the judge
for a minute are you ready she's the Avenger okay DK is the Avenger she's
also the Executioner and you know is a little bit of goofiness of History look
at number three that says that um she is also the conon right this is how it refers her is
the Toros she is the Conan what is that that's your Hemlock baby that's the
stuff the state uses to put you put you into the ground right but
you can see people take it down for a second I want to give you some of the reality
congregation um you can see people coming out of taverns on it on it
stumbling around now you know because it's a it's only lethal at a certain dosage that's the game you're playing in
Antiquity right it's only lethal at a certain dosage so you can take a little bit of Hemlock a little bit of Hemlock
goes a long way um and how do you treat somebody who's had too much and they're
finally losing it and they're walking around they're not you slurring their words can't you know what do you do with
them right you take him down and you give them X Y and Z you can bring them out of it right um fantastic that's
that's who that's who she is right she is that Avenger she is
that that Avenger Justice and is I thought you said Justice and venge they don't go
together and no no it turns out Justice is
Vengeance oh I see your Cosmos is that why he was
saying is that why he was saying uh it's not my Cosmos yeah it's not it's a
satanic Cosmos can you smell it tonight you're in a satanic Cosmos and in that
Cosmos DK is in charge she looks from that
[Music] Throne let those who have ears to hear here she looks from that
Throne yeah and what does she do she comes right down on right down right
down on the unjust boom Oh don't you like the I think she's
a little Amazonian do you chewy she smells a little Amazonian to me I bet I
bet she would yeah I'm starting to starting to like justice you know what I
mean she's gonna Inspire some statues over time and you're gonna see her right
but tonight in satanic initiation you need to you need to see her straight up
front or we're not going anywhere well this is a nice place can I just sit here for a minute leave that up oh if I
were there I would dance I would dance some kind of I don't know maybe a Tango
or something like that oh that's gorgeous okay let's go back to the text
and the sources I want to bring up tonight um the tail end of what we did last night and is it connected and is it
all part of the same Venture yes it is it turns out we're talking about a section of non Us's paraphrase of John
and he's saying that there are these two Maria and Maria and one of them is the
mother who produces the goddess right and we talked a few episodes ago about
it being feminine why is Jesus the represented as feminine um in nness well
you know he's just trying to meet meter and it's just the Whitten well that could be it could also be that they're
associating this production of a female goddess with Mary the Virgin right and
there's Mary Magdalene here it says right in Jesus he's hanging on that cross and he's looking down at that kid
that he loves that little kid who is the theop right the God child oh look
there's the God child right right you're about to get some of that psychic battery people um M mus and Alex said oh
goodness what's he say to her he says hey hey lady lady who loves virgins next
one lady who loves virgins look at your virgin son and then
he says to the his student you know his disciple he a student right his students
don't make it ugly it's the he say students um he says hey um um you ver
and he uses a feminine there huh says in a minute he's never going to produce
children too which is kind of weird but the thing I wanted you to pick up is the very last line the last two
words this is a hopx legom take that down what is a hopx
leomin it is a word that only appears once this is the only place I have
brought you tonight a text next with the only time this word ever appears ever
appears bring it up there bring it up there oh look at that look at that so
how do we Define it well we work with its roots we break it down right and
it's someone who's not literally who's not experienced not experienced in what
odinos and what are odinos um what is an odinos it's a pain
that you experience while you're giving birth yeah and she didn't have
it she didn't have it isn't that interesting who is the she look at the
very last word people I'm telling you this is right in the Greek anes
anes anes that's wanasa
wanasa you say why are you saying it with a W filbert you
nerd um because it's a dma it's a
dma and the dma is hiding in the opsilon
the DI is hiding the oops it's an old letter she is glorious the dma is
glorious she stays as the number six she stays as the number six and the diagma
is hiding in that oops salon she is the
wanasa she is the queen you mean the virgin was a queen within the cult yes
she is the queen do you know who Cleopatra was no you don't you don't know
Cleopatra you nerds don't know Cleopatra you think you do and you get
all you know worked up about it and you sayoh I've seen some sources and the sources sayhe was the most incredible
looking most intelligent most Kick-Ass
woman uh yeah yeah yeah that's what the sources say she
was the manifestation in this
dimension of Isis she was the vessel of
Isis oh okay let's take a look let's take a look at her I'd follow her right I love it
let's go to it go go to the source the next Source please boom I just want you to see I want you to look at something
from Antiquity what is a gestos it's a stitched embroidered thing that we say belongs to
Aphrodite we'll call it a Charmed girdle just take it down for a second
can we relish for a moment I'm not in any hurry tonight and I don't have a whole um I'm going to work slower on the
text instead of cramming I didn't want cram too much um we're dealing what are we dealing
with we're dealing an instrument of Aphrodite an instrument called a cus do
you think your seminarians know about this they didn't until I got to St
Mary's and then the enrollment went up it was fantastic what is this cus what
is it um what is it it's an instrument of Aphrodite it's a
embroidered um skin made of skin right um with a beautifully
embroidered stitching um illustrating some
glorious glorious things little you know wrapped and wrapped in a oh such a soft
soft bed uh um with a little embroidered story in
it oh God and you know what's in the temple wait what you know yeah the
cestus has a temple and what is the temple it's the place for the inner sanctum right it's
where you set up your tent it's where your skan is it's where your SK is it's
a Barb it's a Barb go back go back Chey to the next one yeah it's a Barb look
look look look uh go down yeah look here what is this um this
is what you're doing this is the verb that they're taking it from um is the Striking the waspy stinging it's a
little stingy thing a KRON is a stinger It's Thorn some people translate as a
thorn what is this thing that she's got she's got a thorn in the Holy place of her girdle and that
thorn is covered with purple and what happens when she takes
that thing off you say what aphrodites taking off her cestus oh my God this is
the this is it right we're all looking at each other like this is it this is it and she comes out and she strikes you
with it what happens when you get struck with aphrodites girdle
you go insane you go mad with what they
call AO Mania ero Mania um love love
craziness love craziness yeah it takes you there isn't
that nice she uses it why does Aphrodite use this to influence you
and me and you know the power of love right I'm talking to the satans here
right not to the evangelicals or the Orthodox I'm not
talking to you now because this is about gods and you don't worship Gods you're
the truest atheists on the planet so this really isn't for your ears but if you want to sit and be a Voyer here it
is and I know you do I know you do and I love it that you do I love it
okay so let's go back to the source and see let's follow Aphrodite what are we
doing I thought we were there's some fonus salt going on hang on hang on next
one please yeah yeah um what does it really mean to be to get struck with
this thing it means to BTO something to in or Co with it
right um take it down um they linked this process of this
Thorn that is on this girdle they link this process to the act
of having intercourse so when someone comes along I don't know someone like a John or Paul
and they are talking about don't be involved don't be involved in
pora they are not telling you not to have intercourse they're telling you not to
be involved in the process of rebirth through the classic bakic mystery this
is the resurrection right you don't want Osiris you don't want your eyes opened you
don't want your eyes opened I can hear you know you don't want them opened
fantastic but for those who do the call goes out the call goes out bring us back up the
let's see the little last little bits of evidence before we commence our trial um
who is this Aphrodite I just want to introducer to you she's a des POA and
you say what is a des po notice that it's they have despotes we get despot from that um what
is it this is a Bronze Age concept a mistress Lady of the house right it's used a Penelope oh that's nice right um
notice number two princess or queen and then it says well what kind of queen um
the Des poon and who is that that's media they're quoting pendar panod number four
and pendar pythian four is a record of media's Oracle that was handed down by
the delic pythia yes yes this is that old Bronze Age
concept go ahead and take it down of that queen of that Queen
wanasa we are talking about a woman of complete and total Authority as a matter
of fact there's so much Authority get this if this is not if this doesn't
bring it out nothing will this is not just a woman of
Authority this is a woman who will set straight what has been
made bent wait she will set you straight yeah oh yeah no it's everything complete
package medical psychic I mean this is this stuff goes Way Beyond umum Your
Average cure right this is healing for the mind and soul you're not going to
get this anywhere else you're not going to get this purgation you guys are all going to kill each other's benit it's
too too wound up Unix um Unix are the answer of course
right Unix are the answer we need Unix for the kingdom of heaven right and this
is a process that we can do we do it didn't you know we do
it they may understand in
Brazil let's go back to the text here we go I want you just to look
iBall Upsilon and I just hey can we look um it's got a both a vowel and a
semivowel right okay um what is this thing the semi vow um it's the diagma
that I've been talking about what I wanted you to look at the bottom just people just just relishing this for a
minute just relish from here down look at the get that Phoenician garbage out
of there but look at the look at the um diagma right sometimes it form the D
thong ow yeah oh wow look at it there it is Al son oh God you gotta love it
that's why um you know if you don't have this kind of stuff it doesn't push you forward doesn't push you forward can you
hear it that's the diagma how many seminarians are going to know about a diagma not until I teach them right come
here boys let me teach you I was bragging about my best
students I was bragging about my best students um in beo New Jersey um yeah
any on a talk anyway some format as soon as you get the name and it's released
I'll let you know go let's go to the next one hey look at this people I just want you to float with me here I want
you to see Aphrodite right what does Aphrodite do she comes to Cyprus to and she enters
into her Temple what kind of Temple does she have there she has one that produces an incredible amount of of um Mist a
fog um it's th otic it's thic the sailors what am I talking about the
Sailors that come here tell you hey um the island is this way and you say how
can you see it you're on ship together right and you say how can you see the ey can you smell that yeah what is that
funk it's kind of a deep kind of it's kind of making me a little bit whooo you know what I mean loosening me up a
little bit what oh that's that's what she's burning that's what she's burning are you ready to see Venus come to her
Temple this is glorious this is glorious let's go let's go here she comes and I
say Venus on purpose because you children of Rome you'll know what I mean did anybody find the secret name of Rome
I don't think anybody's found it yet um elus she's coming into her Temple and
what this is on in in Pathos and there what what does she have in path pathos
she has a timos she has a sacred Precinct and a bulos an altar right and
lots of things that are oh God incense that just it gets you going they burn
the stuff 247 did you know they burn it 247 oh my god let's go who okay where's
the let's go I'll get the tickets um and she comes to the door she comes to the
door and she closes it and what happens inside her Temple now we get to see are
you guys ready all you dirty all you dirty people you dirty people who say
hang on J let me take it for a minute I want to hold the ship you guys is you
guys know you don't you can't talk about it it's forbidden right you know this kind of stuff they're doing in the
temples you know you can't Mickey Mouse won't let you have it right this is the
good stuff we get a peek today we're gonna peek you want to see what's going on after's Temple you want to see what's
going on remember we're with DK let's see what happens um she's there with all
this incense just this clouds of incense you know and um there are the graces
with her The Graces yes The Graces wash her wash her now look at the fourth line
down and the last three words on the fourth line down
kaian just stop at that onean does anybody see Christ does
anybody see Christ wait what are you reading from all of a sudden chewy where are we what what are the coordinates
here homeric him H merim this thing is
centuries centuries before your guy took the title she had it she had it right and
she had the belt she had the belt Oh you mean bacus always leads to
afrodite you know it and there a whole bunch of dead people from the deserts of
Arabia who for Millennia were
worshippers of hers yeah through bacas through bacas
bakas leads to Aphrodite right this is the mystery do you see the pair do you
know that aphrodite and her earliest um Trail has male
genitalia does that bother anyone in the room
anybody remember you're the jury let's go let's go to the that same one yeah
let's finish it off oh what are The Graces doing they're washing her and they're Ching her with
Ambrosia the stuff the gods have the stuff that is that sweet immortality
that's what they're applying they're christing and what does she do after she
gets christed wait we're gonna just I just want you to see it I just want you to see it mentally right this is so
beautiful what does she do she stands up right and she's there
completely completely covered in this glistening glistening Ambrosia this is
the stuffff that gives you ionic life
this is the stuff you cannot exist within the quantum you cannot
exist immortally yeah you can't you can't you
have to be you have to be supplied with
something to keep it going and that Ambrosia that source of life life I've
got a tree for you I've got a tree it's the Tree of Life Zoe's
tree and from that tree I can give
you that which will open your eyes and you will be
Eve yeah yeah okay Lucifer thank you very much
who's supposed to who is on duty for this information who who was there when
she got
christed which one it was the dragon it was the dragon you mean the dragon was
there and he still gave her access I tell you I tell you you divorce your
wife you kick her out you kick her out and the next thing you know your
freaking slaves won't even do what she want him to do you mean he gave her the
he gave her the stuff now she knows a she's gonna be totally equal she knows
what we know yeah all right you know what you
did Lucifer you birthed you birthed his his
downfall oh God it's okay it's okay little G just sit there
just sit there right watch [Music]
daddy I can feel it right about
here yeah I can feel it let's go to this T back to the text we only have a couple
more we only have a couple more um I uh I want to go ahead and yeah finish this one off so she's getting up from that
ambrosial bath and what does Aphrodite do look at the bottom they call her
files smile loving smile loving Aphrodite she is all decked out with
gold this is gold and Aphrodite all decked out with gold wearing that dress
that oh God if you saw this thing you'd be so jealous as a matter of fact why don't we show people let's show people
the dress just in case um before we get to the Dress what do people say who are associated with Aphrodite are you ready
here's one it's words from the lips of the dude that she um engaged in intercourse
with to conceive you say what yeah God's don't
normally typically it's fatal right okay
but this is what she does to everyone
else do you understand and she understands it comes back and she falls for a mortal
which is you know it's considering considered within transdimensional you know legal terms
it's considered oh I don't know assault of a
minor yeah yeah it's not good it's not
good let's keep going let's keep going we we have to have entities that are
fully fully aware um of what's going on because you know you take a human right
and you have Aphrodite it's unfair from the very beginning it's unfair what
would I do says this Mortal who's this Mortal he's not just anybody right he's
the father of the dude who will become George Washington of
Rome right right this is a big deal we are all As Romans do you see where we are located
we are located squarely within the city of the Seven Hills we are located there
the Jerusalem is just a type of Rome it's just a type of Rome the Old
Testament is written in the thir Century in Greek yeah the Jerusalem is just a type
of Rome and and that power of Rome which by the way is in that name which those of
you who can't find it can't use okay so
fantastic smell the necromantic stuff I love it this is gorgeous bring it okay
um and what so I'm just going to translate it you know he says look I would you know he's talking to her
because what she had to do she had to lie to him right she had to lie to him say I'm a you know I'm just some
lady right just look at me some lady down the road Farmers parents here I am
boom and he's like well you're you appear you appear to be a goddess he
even guesses it's her already you know he kind of has it figured out he feels that sting and what happens he says in
order to enter your bed I will go to hell
[Music] yeah he says I am
willing I would enter into the kingdom of Hades through your
bed through your bed and you think are we with Isis and people ask where are
the Egyptians where are the Egyptians in all of this what about those druskin
where do they stand on this L we're squarely within konian Realms
people squarely right what are we doing we got
both poles we've got Ura right and we've got the
wanasa of the under oh God do you realize that on both
sides she is the image that burns through everything do you know why they don't
want Lady Babylon brought back in the apocalypse which is leads to a charge do
you know why they don't want her back because they know she is that
undefeatable extent to which monastic monotheists
monad loving people can go they can't get get beyond that limit
she will shut them down lady Babylon will shut them down do you know what the
misogynistic religion of of um Christianity
Judaism do you know what these M forms of misogyny their greatest enemy is it's
Jezebel it's eve it's lady
Babylon yeah their greatest enemy did you hear the coyotes the coyotes
say yeah yeah I hope you can hear that you
hear them that's you that's you in the jury box oh God love it back to the
sources just a little bit I'm taking too much Liberty I only have a couple more and I want to go through them who are we
talking about did you tell who entered just entered the room yeah Kronos said
right and what who is Kronos he's anes
anes what does that mean means he's got a twisted mind he's got Twisted thoughts he's got
deceitful Twisted calculated
thoughts yes yes okay are you ready for the
castration are you ready hey if you can't do it if you can't do it no no
Kronos no don't worry don't worry for a second did you realize that Helios was
involved yeah let's see it let's see the religion come out keep go to the next one yeah um she's wearing this Pelon I
wanted to show you guys her what she's wearing what is Aphrodite wear this thing shines like glorious fire like
fire flaming up this is how her dress isn't that nice
imagine it can you imagine it put that put that incredible
incredible goddess in a dress that looks like this oh wow the charm I'm already
Charmed you can hit me with that sass this is all you want but I'm already Charmed let's look um it's beautiful
right it's gold it's beautiful it's gold and you ask yourself my God man how many
references to the gold lady babylon's got the gold why the gold because this
ladies and gentlemen is the house of
dawn and we are seated on the
throne with Dawn on one side and night
on the other then this is the house of the Glorious son this is the house of
Apollo this is the place where Satan the bringer of light
eosphoros this is where he and I'm not talking I know I know they want to say
Satan doesn't exist and you see all the YouTube channels Satan doesn't exist it's this and that and those numble
heads will ultimately vomit out some garbage about make and that's when you
know oh God hang on a second hang on a second you're in the wrong Camp you're
in a propaganda stream right we I let me take you to the real stream we'll go
back to the archaic Greek where we'll find what these words are doing oh God
lace dayss let me show you what a lace days is oh love it love it everybody can
you feel that can you feel that yeah don't ever mess with
eosphoros right don't ever mess with the Bringers of
dawn the children of Rome whose sacred name we don't know
um yeah one of us does one of us does I had somebody ask
me somebody that we all know asked me can you tell me they said no I've had
other people ask me can you tell me no find the name find the name these children of
Venus is who the people of Rome are they are the children of
Venus okay let's watch her let's take a let's take a close a close look bring up
that last one we didn't quite finish it yeah uh this thing is so beautifully worked this dress that she's got it's so
intricate and it shines it causes this shining like the moon on her soft
delicate breasts it causes this shining it's a it's a Marvel to see okay take it
down so you can see what the Greeks in this Archaic Period well
things that they're really focusing on and um what are the a adola the images
that they're using and how those are affecting their rights and they're using
her image um and that image is it should you should understand that there is a
comfort in that image that is maternal and the Romans found it they they called
her the genetrix right which is like it's almost like saying the great mother it's not the magnam mat but it's almost
like saying the great mother it's the producer the project Ator um she who
brought us everything remember behind Rome is a she right behind Rome is a she
this feminine Force can't be overcome it can only be repressed
temporarily ultimately it will bust forward it will burst out
ripe and the world will be full of that bloom that radiating Bloom it's a
feminine Force it's a feminine Force bakus always leads us to
Aphrodite okay let's go to the next Source now um and I just want to say um
if you can just look at this you know she's always putting the gods
through it you know what I mean she's giv them that sweet desire who here does not who here does not like to be
compelled by the hormones it's this and I use hormones on purpose because it's
within the structure what of the Greek yeah that that desire he met us that
pushes you that pushes you that force that force that drives you it's so sweet
it's so sweet and what does she do she blasts everyone with it the
Immortals The Mortals the things that fill the air
and the Wild Things those Wild Things those beasts go ahead and take it down
she brings she brings that to all of them to all of them and you're thinking
okay where's Jesus I'm feeling I'm feeling like I need Jesus in the room
mommy where's
Jesus boom yep that was to the Muse right this is so gorgeous too at the top
look at this Musa right tell me oh Muse of the works of
what is she she's polu she's
polu that golden that resplendant much
golden it's not just little golden Aphrodite all right this is much golden
aphrod radiant Aphrodite that's who we're
focusing on is radiant Aphrodite okay next text back to what you know I'm
gonna drag somebody into it I'm I've got a a malicious desire to drag somebody
into this but before I can I've got Paul right I've got St Paul you guys you guys know it you love it don't you you love
it I'm going to whip him are you ready we're going to show you the Bible and I'm going to whip him are you ready but
look what's going on look at that just that middle what kind of form does Aphrodite have by the way what kind of
form does she have her [__] what is it what does it it's like well first of all it's great it's great but it's great in
its unbroken virginity in its
indomitable virginity you cannot touch this virginity they wait what this is
Aphrodite that we're describing yes you see what Christianity has done
to your perception of antiquity not Bible times because those don't exist
but Antiquity you see what it's done to your perception you didn't know Aphrodite was um she was described in
the same terms as you describe Artemus Artemus the Virgin
Huntress right you cannot dominate her ad you cannot dominate
her she is the Adamas she is the Adam
she is the adom do you see what Jehovah was trying to
do do you see what he was trying to do yeah trying to bring his
boy yeah oh Satan Satan Satan
Satan yeah all right let's go back to to the back to the evidence this is lovely
let's bring her um she's right in the middle and she's got that form right and it's paretic it's paretic you're not
gonna be able to violate her as a matter of fact she's going to violate you
because of DK DK protects them this is the from the throne and it
protects them I don't care if you want to throw out Aphrodite because she's gone
I don't care and because you're a monest I don't care you cannot throw out
Justice and continue in a society you have Liars who drag us all to the depths
and we'll just we'll just end up finishing it apocalypse style
Justice we serve Justice always let's go to the next one this is I this a little
preachy I'm sorry um everybody's waiting for me to beat up Paul the Apostle okay
um yeah which is is a privilege um ye yeah right they um what is she doing um
what what is happening cosmically I just wanted you to see this that sweet desire
that sweet desire is being placed in your breast right it's being placed in
your breast it is a force that is outside of
you it is a Dion the wing of
Dion who has the golden wings from the house of dawn
he is called Aeros he is that Archer do you have your
bow Jesus the morning star has a bow check it out and ask yourself I didn't
know Jesus was walking around with a bow the only thing I ever saw Jesus walking around with was little kids and and uh
gets involved with some crosses got images with him and Crosses a lot I'm sometimes on a boat yeah these are the
images that I've got of Jesus right I I I don't have one of these one of these
images of him what has he got here go back to the text go back to the text that we're just yeah yeah yeah um he's
got something in his chest right he's got some kind of desire go to the next
one bring him in bring him in bring in Paul I'm flustered did you hear that I
skipped that I think I jumped off the train did somebody catch my brain if you're um if you're able to here it is
here it is Paul here it is excuse me this is for people who are
not accepting of such you know ungentlemanly hey Paul Paul the Apostle
tell me I want you you to give all of us tonight as a witness Paul as a witness
don't look at me like that don't look at me like that Paul I
want you to give me tonight as a witness your
impression of Aphrodite your impression of this coupling Paul I want you to give
me what what what about the temples Paul tell me tell me what is it what is your
mystery going to bring the world in place of
Aphrodite what are you g to substitute her with Paul are you ready you
Christians look at what you've made look at it what you're supporting bring it up bring up that
Paul the Apostle this is letter to the Corinthians yeah yeah yeah okay
concerning things which you you know wrote about it's good for a
man not to engage a woman it's a good thing wait wait wait
wait take it down wait um it's good for a man not to engage a woman not to H to
a woman nobody be hop toying any women right it's good for you not
to you mean like Jesus Jesus was hop toying those children right
right he's a harpy we're going to get to fingers in a minute that's tomorrow's
next episode um but yeah let's go back back to the text yeah um Paul give give
me another one give me another one Paul tell me um what is it you think about this whole Aphrodite thing the whole
coupling Paul yeah it is because Paul says it is
because of the pora yeah for the sake of the pora each
person let him take his wife let him take a woman a woman let him take a
woman Let each woman take a man yeah why because the
porna the
Pora it's only because you have to Paul
acknowledges in his epistle to the Corinthians first he
acknowledges the victory is already won you can't escape you Christians you
can't escape the greatest defeat that you face every time over and over and
over again is that luscious luscious flash of
Aphrodite you can't beat it you can't your wise men end up in hotel rooms
doing bad stuff your youth pastors end up in cycles of Oppression causing
assault yes if you don't use it
openly yeah in which case when you get
home when you get home I know what you're thinking I know what you're thinking and what she's there for
because you don't worship Aphrodite I know you you preach you preach on
Sundays I know I know what your submissive women do I know I know how
it's better to serve you yeah I do yeah well you wouldn't have Aphrodite
and I'm sorry jent but you can't you can't raise the flag it's part of the
agreement it's why you got all that frustration Pastor John it's why you got
all that frustration it's why your kids are going nuts it's why they're going
nuts John yeah love it it gets my this kind of stuff J does this get your goat it
gets my goat yeah Hallelujah to the holy sign to the holy sign amen amen let's go
back boom Paul give me answer answer a couple more questions answer a couple couple more
for me um don't this is Paul don't hold back you
know don't keep back from each other you know unless it's for some kind of pre-arranged agreement where because
you're GNA be praying you're gonna be praying because you everybody knows you can't have sex while you
pray right although it maybe that's just Paul's world right
maybe the maybe we got no problem do we have a problem do we have a problem with
that no I'm praying to afrodite right I got no problem with that um do you see
the block here between what became Christianity right because the early
Christians half of them are doing this stuff anyway the pora that Paul's trying to drive out um those are th those are
occult happenings yeah they're getting arrested for too a lot of because they're doing incests and stuff like
that dude you gota come on this is this is Roman influence baby you you're gonna
be you're gonna follow some laws right come on get this this province God it
smells every time I come to visit this place it smells can't wait to get back to Rome D
can't you oh God everybody let's all meet at the baths let's all meet at the
baths we'll have a one wonderful time oh God love it let's go to the next one um
yeah so don't withhold yourself you know um unless it's for these little prayers why because you know who look at the
second to last line satanas or satas or Saturn himself what is he gonna
do he's gonna get you on account of your
AC my what you're a Cris you're out of
balance you got too much right I've put too much voodoo on you can you feel Can
You Feel The Desire Rising Can you feel it rising and as you get in that Rush of
Desire what happens what happens you get out of balance you get out of balance
and you just got to go you know you got to go there there's a place there's a paradise you got to go and um look um
that that paradise I it involves us going there together yeah it involves
that that Water of Life yeah that Peak and that Pinnacle
this is the song This is that song of the universe this is that
siren this is that siren you can't plug your ears man plug your ears or you will
get sucked in right Pastor John you're your reason that we have the
sisters of frustration right and that we have people who are
abused right priests pastors Ministers of Christ the reasons people have been
abused didn't you think you were going to be held responsible didn't you think
DK was a reality I know you didn't well she is watch this let's go
one more let's go two more Paul Paul give me another one give me another one
yeah look if you can't control yourself says Paul go ahead and make make like you're entering
a gamos a union right yeah why because are you ready for
this this is an attempt to assassinate a Divinity and that Divinity is Aphrodite
Paul is sh shooting directly at her are you ready he says it is better to
goo than to burn wait wait what what it's better to
enter into intercourse than to burn what are you recognizing Paul
sounds to me like a statement of defeat sounds to me like the side of
Christianity that you push forward couldn't figure out a way to defeat the poor
NAA you mean you didn't find it you know the feelings you know the feelings all
we have to do is give you that image of that beauty and you're a slave you call
yourself a Christian but you can't stand against that power you know you can't
it's within you it's within you you won't be able to go to sleep unless you
can come to that place unless you can be there with
her we all know what the Mysteries are about it's about bringing Eve we know
it's about bringing Eve devil was supposed to guard right ultimately he did he kept
the way open to the tree yeah last let's go to last Paul um
Second and last get get um yep um yeah uh uh don't be slay no that's yeah look
he's telling him you people what does Paul tell his own fraking people he says you've been bought out of the slave
market right right it makes sense it makes sense that the dude who's
perpetuating something that was the the idea of the grand leace right and has now has full funding
Peter James and John are collecting the business is going it makes it makes perfect sense that he's telling the
followers hey you you've been you've been bought out of a Marketplace bro right yeah don't be slaves of Mortals
right don't be slaves people you're purchased we got you and what does that
have to do with any you keep going last one yeah um what do we do then is these purchase
slaves Paul tell us because the Temple of Aphrodite is right next door and to
be honest um I can't take your BS any anymore I'm about to go over there and
have my brain cleansed from your misogynistic garbage tell me Paul tell
me please give me the advice what what does Christianity have to do with
Aphrodite if you are bound to a
woman don't try to be Unbound if you are
not if you are freed from woman don't look for
one and that is how a god becomes a
victim of assassination yeah and you and I sit you
and I sit underneath this aggravated battery where's my charge aggravated
battery boom this is where you and I sit
underneath the aggravated battery and we absorb our concepts of the world around
us our concepts of love our concepts of sex we
absorb via your battery your misogyny we absorb it and we too want to
hate her the great Queen but you my friend you my friend have come up
against the wrong wrong woman let's go to the I just want to remind us of the charges tonight we talk we're gonna
we're gonna um we're gonna mention it tonight I just want the press cycle to enter in Oh look The the grand jury
brought forth indictments um we are charging with transdimensional criminal
conspiracy and I will strive to show over the next three sessions um exactly
that that that um they have indeed formed a conspiracy and with Criminal
Intent and that this next this involves racketeering specifically necromantic
racketeering of a resurrection and death sort um using Pro um
propit profit motivated practices profit motivated
practices now um our standards will be different right this is not typically
what you would have in a human Court our standards go to the core of the person
right if we're going to serve de serve DK we have to go to the core we have to go to that
reality good and apocalyptic assault um we'll talk about we'll talk about what
kind of what kind of assault is apocalyptic it's a specific form it's a
specific form and it is [Music] setting it is setting what you would
call your mind in a state of expectation
of Apocalypse it's something that people do to psychically kidnap you yes love it
which brings us um before the obstruction go to the final to the false
imprisonment the false imprisonment um and we'll show how this false ionic
imprisonment ultimately ultimately um obstructs
Justice and you think what the obstruction of justice that's just a minor that's something you get liing ore
joh right that's something you just it's a minor no it turns out in the cosmic
Court obstruction of justice is Everything is Everything so behind all
of your crimes Petty right or not
Petty behind all of your crimes is a form of the obstruction of justice that
is the true dark matter that must be purged in this case against Jesus Christ
that we take up for the next three sessions I will show
you that Jesus Jus Christ was guilty of
multiple multiple statutes laws common
sense that Jesus Christ is not himself a
victim but a perpetrator that he portrays himself
through his criminal conspiracy with the
brand of a victim while being a perpetrator we will
show in court that Jesus Christ the
leace was in fact purposefully and
intentionally plotting to
obtain the most extra terrestrial
power since Adolf Hitler yeah yeah yeah will show that
what you deem to be the innocent is that unjust and
crooked and how are we going to do this every what you're crazy right it's crazy
um it is but we're we can do it and the exciting way we can do it is through the
necromancy of bringing back Jesus I will bring
Jesus back to answer questions
directly directly you will hear from his voice ladies and gentlemen on the jury
you will hear from his voice and from this I hope that you are able
to come to a verdict of guilty thank you we will see you with
the opening arguments on Wednesday I'm going to be private and
hang out by myself for the rest of the night thank you for coming tonight I
appreciate your time hail Satan you never car for payment
Fortune oh reown on the day that it came an
AR you just turned it down all the
way why did you ever change your name
way why did you ever change your
name
[Music]
n